fix: multisig doc and passkey (#453)
MystenLabs/ts-sdks: packages/docs/content/typescript/cryptography/multisig.mdx

In this case, Charlie can always use their Google account for transactions out of the multisig
address for the threshold. At the same time, Charlie still has access to his account by combining
partial signatures from Alice and Bob.

## Multisig with Passkey

> A `PasskeyKeypair` is a `KeyPair` instance and a `PasskeyPublicKey` is a `PublicKey`. They can be 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use a `PasskeyKeypair` (a `Keypair`) and `PasskeyPublicKey` (a `PublicKey`) as components in a Multisig setup. Once initialized, they support both Multisig address derivation and transaction signing.
```

> used as part of Multisig address derivation and signing once initialized. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
